Boy, I know you have your back on Heaven Dou
But this one around me
The wolf in the sky has cooperated with me
Even if the Heaven Dou Legion comes today
Will also be on my side
Zhang Zhenfeng starts today
You are no longer qualified to be a member of my Heaven Dou
Formal expulsion
Who do you think you are?
You are a watchdog
I, Zhang Zhenfeng, ascended the throne of the Heaven Dou Star Lord
Star Lord will also help me leap up
Become a god general
Are you not afraid that more Heaven Dou people will know?
Your true colors
It's not just you and Hua July and that chick
Others are even Heaven Dou
Just a soldier on a mission
It's not a metaphor at all.
How do you know that there is no one in heaven?
The main force of Heaven Dou was just a few days ago.
Heaven Dou Dragon Shuai's whereabouts are unknown
As for Lord Lian Zhen
Didn't he officially guard Hu Zhen for Hua Qiyue?
The rest are also busy guarding the border
There is no time to participate in this ceremony at all
Lin Tze, don't count on it
Everything is in the hands of my uncle and Lord Zhou Lang
No one will come to save you today.
Heaven Dou Legion comes to take orders
Didn't the Tianbao Army go to guard the frontier?
Why is there still a team here?
Don't worry, these videos are all our own
Hahaha, you scared me.
I thought it was that kid who saved me again
isolated
So poor
Let's take it easy
Linzer Kid
Ask you one last time
Are you kneeling or not?
Down or not down?
Bold Thief
Who do you want to kneel down for you?